

IMPORTANT!!!->!!!!THESE MODELS ARE STILL A WORK IN PROGRESS!!!! USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!	



1->All models are preset to give the best layer orientation to maintain
strength once fully printed and assembled.

2->For the best strength for the parts print at 100% infill (I have been printing my
tests at .15mm layer height with minimal to no part cooling fan to increase layer
adhesion)

3->This model requires -> x3 M4x40mm Hex Head Cap Socket Screws
                       -> x3 M4 Nylon Lock Nuts
                       -> x3 M4 Washers
^This is important to lock the hanguard to the Upper receiver and keep the barrel
properly in place!

Assembly instructions:

1)Take the Lower threads(LT) and place them in the Lower Main(LM) slot at the rear of the
part with the threads facing the rear away from the mag well.

2)Take the Stock Ring and slide it over LT and LM at the rear of the parts. It should be
a tight fit and may require a rubber mallet to fully seat in place.

3)Take the Takedown Supports and slot them into their proper slots in the front of the 
LM. There should be a right and left hand side and are not interchangeable. These also 
should fit snuggly and may require a rubber mallet to fully seat into their slots.

4)Install the standard AR safety, grip and trigger group parts as any other ar 15 lower
into the LM.

5)Attach your desired Stock tube and stock into the LT.(IMPORTANT NOTE: The Stock Spacer 
is used only if the spring is not long enough to allow the buffer to properly interface 
with the Bolt Carrier Group once fully assembled!)

6)Take the Upper and place the barrel into the front of the part.

7)Take the Handguard and slide it over the barrel until it meets up with the Upper.

8)Take the M4 lock nuts and slot them into the Upper then take a M4 Screw put them
through the washer then threw the front of the hanguard.

9)Tighten each screw until they are snug and there is no longer space between the 
Handguard and the Upper.

10)Slide on the Gas Block and Gas Tube onto the Barrel.

11)Assemble the rest of the Upper like a standard AR

12)Place the Upper and Lower together and slide pins through the pin holes and test for 
function(Insure there is no snags when cycling the action). Then the rifle is ready for 
testing.

